**Milot S. Mehmeti - EOS NATION AMBASSADOR**

Eleutheromaniac. A cryptoasset investor and trader by day, Milot Mehmeti is also the proud owner of Kosovo’s first business to accept cryptoassets as payment and is the founder of @wearesatoshi.io. Hearing about blockchain technology in late 2015, he was fascinated by its potential impact it could have on the world.  Jumping in with both feet, he started mining, trading and learning as much as possible.  Proof of Work never seemed like the best consensus algorithm and he was weary of the high levels of energy consumption needed simply to secure and validate.  Seeing the high levels of pollution in his country from the many coal-fired power stations kept reminding him of the unsustainability of proof of work, eventually leading him to divest and sell his mining equipment.

Milot then focused his attention on green projects and I saw EOSIO as a third generation blockchain technology that was best suited for the decentralized solution he was looking for.  Milot dedicates his life to help spread economic freedom, especially in his country of Kosovo where it is desperately needed.  He has built a large community of Albanian crypto enthusiasts and he a leading crypto influencer in his country.  Although Kosovo is the only European country without freedom of movement, the hope is that through cryptoassets and EOS the population is able to become global, at least with our devices and imagination. We imagine being equal and EOS decentralized governance will help that come true.
