**Thierry Stoudmann - EOS NATION AMBASSADOR**

After graduating from the Benedict School in Geneva (Commercial) in 1998, Thierry Stoudman had the intention to become an asset manager and started his career two months later in large swiss bank. For a period of 3 years, he was able to understand and experience how the financial world functioned.  As his consciousness expanded about the finality of his everyday responsibilities, Thierry wanted to stay aligned with his values which of honesty, integrity and transparency.  This led him to take the decision of leaving the banking industry, starting a new chapter in his life and dedicating his time to try to change our world and denounce the rigged economic system.  He joined what is known in the French speaking world as the « altermondialist » movement. Through this movement, in 2002, during the counter-info summit in Geneva, Thierry was introduced to the world of Linux and learned about the Free Software Foundation for the first time. Studying his philosophy, Thierry came to admire the work of Richard Stallman and was naturally attracted by the decentralized revolution that Bitcoin promised. Discovering Bitcoin in 2013 and then EOSIO in 2017, Thierry has since been fascinated by EOSIO and strongly believes it has the power to change the world by delivering the next, secure vision of the internet.  Hosting meetups and workshops in his hometown of Genera, Thierry is proud to be doing his part to educate his local community on the potential of EOSIO!
