**DANIEL KEYES - COO**

I'm inspired by the EOS community and its potential to change the world. And nothing satisfies both my obsession with technology and the ideals of liberty like EOS does. Prior to founding the first EOS community in Toronto and co-founding EOS Nation, I spent about 10 years working a number of diverse roles in the financial technology industry. I've spent time in customer service, sales, sales coaching, agent training, digital marketing, digital process management (Lean green belt), and product management (certified scrum master, certified product owner). I'm known for my customer focus, technology expertise, relationship building skills, and ability to bring those together to design great digital experiences. I was briefly director of operations and marketing at a blockchain consulting firm. I left that role when they began focusing on private ledger solutions, which didn't interest me very much compared to public blockchains. That's when I started looking for opportunities in the EOS community. I earned a Bachelor of Journalism from Ryerson University in 2009 and interned as a chase producer for Global TV. In my free time, I like to learn about Austrian Economics, technology, and the philosophy of ethics. I enjoy spending time in nature, as well as making genuine connections with the community. I'm by no means a developer, but I have some aptitude for coding. I coded my first website in the 7th grade on a hand-me-down Mac clone. I was amazed by the possibility of creating something that could be used by anyone around the world and spent much of my youth creating web projects. I live my life according to the principles of Truth, Love, and Freedom. And like our friend Dan Larimer, I’d like to dedicate myself to creating free market solutions to secure life, liberty and property.
