**Heinz Martin Breuer - Regional Director of Asia**

After creating a DIY magazine about environmental protection, Heinz Martin became part of the German Green Party by being a founding member of the local green party for minors. However, it soon became apparent that existing political structures we’re too stiff and limited for him so he merged his political activism with art and music, leading him to educational efforts such as handing out educational material at music festivals, creating political graffiti, being the front man of a music band, organizing protest rallies on pressing issues and doing art installations at the 27th G8 summit held in Genoa, Italy. 
Inspired by Joseph Beuys’ concept of the Social Sculpture, Martin studied art at the Düsseldorf Art Academy, where he graduated in 2008 with a master’s degree in Oil Painting. 
Taking part in the academy’s philosophy programs, he wrote essays about futurism, robotics and gene manipulation but also about the historical differences between the western and eastern art philosophies.  Moving to China after these studies and integrating himself as much as possible, Martin started organizing events and culture exchange programs all over China. This led him to start an artist agency, an event management company and a screen print studio. 
While living behind the Great Chinese Firewall and therefore learning about VPNs and the Tor project, he quickly stumbled upon Bitcoin. 
Since then his interest in the potential of cryptoassets continued to grow until he decided to host a early crypto meetup at one of his other businesses, the Chengdu Co-Working Space Berlin Haus.
When EOSIO presented solutions to major issues like scalability, transaction cost and energy efficiency he felt the need to get more involved and applied and joined the EOS Nation Ambassador program.  While volunteering as an EOS Nation Ambassador, Martin was critical to the success of Yves LaRose’s first trip to China, proving himself to be an extremely valuable to EOS Nation. He was then hired as EOS Nation’s Regional Director of Asia where he currently leads a team of 3 interns as they continue to build the EOS Nation Asian communities.
